Trim path from anonymous class (#1016)
getsentry/sentry-php: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- Add missing validation for the `context_lines` option and fix its behavior when passing `null` to make it working as described in the documentation (#1003)

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` (#1016)

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth mentioning somehow that the path is trimmed down according to the `prefixes` option. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Agree

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` using the `predixes` option (#1016)

Author: That's quite difficult to understand to be honest.

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` using the `predixes` option (#1016)

Reviewer: I'm open to suggestions because the current entry doesn't looks clear enough to explain the change

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` using the `predixes` option (#1016)

Author: Personally I'm happy with the current entry...

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` using the `predixes` option (#1016)

Reviewer: The reason I'm asking this is that it doesn't really makes sense to trim a file path from a class. What about ``Trim the file path from the anonymous class name in the stacktrace according to the `prefixes` option`` instead?

> - Trim path from anonymous class in `Stacktrace` using the `predixes` option (#1016)

Author: ```suggestion
- Trim the file path from the anonymous class name in the stacktrace according to the `prefixes` option (#1016)
```
